Resolve additional TODOs from 2023-03-30 review (#40)
qgreenland-workshop-2023-researcher/qgreenland-workshop-2023-researcher.github.io: content/slides/intro-to-jupyterlab.qmd

  data-background-image: "/_media/DMS_1842643_12758_20180418_18111267_clipped.jpg"
---

# Note

> We are going to demo a number of features around the use of JupyterLab in the
> following slides. Please plan to watch as we explain various features before
> trying them yourself in a [dedicated
> exercise](/content/exercises/getting-started-with-jupyterlab.html) after.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are going to demo a number of features around the use of JupyterLab in the
following slides. Please plan to watch as we explain various features before
trying them yourself in an [exercise](/content/exercises/getting-started-with-jupyterlab.html)
after the presentation.
```

## JupyterHub ![](/_media/jupyterhub_icon.png){width="5%" style="vertical-align:middle"}

> CryoCloud: your personal JupyterLab in the cloud

Reviewer: I like the de-bulleting here :)

* JupyterHub: <https://hub.cryointhecloud.com>
* Website: <https://book.cryointhecloud.com>

> ![Cryocloud logo](/_media/cryocloud_logo.png){width="25%"}

Reviewer: :100:

    * Your computations won't interfere with anyone else's

> :::

Reviewer: I think some of these notes need to move now that we moved the server sizing content to the next slide.

## JupyterHub ![](/_media/jupyterhub_icon.png){width="5%" style="vertical-align:middle"}

Log in to CryoCloud JupyterHub with your GitHub username

* Important: select a 4GB server option

> * Your JupyterLab is dedicated, _not_ shared!

Reviewer: This is no longer completely true. Compute resources are not isolated anymore, but you are guaranteed the minimum you select in the dropdown. E.g. if you select 4GB, you may be able to use more than 4GB of memory if the shared node has some free. Perhaps a speaker note on this? It's a complicated subject because we do want to communicate that your filesystem is dedicated and minimum compute resources are guaranteed.
